Header background color: lightsteelblue

Header text color: ff0000

Movie Reviews link: http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/box-office-pan-bombs-155m-831234

LinkedIn image links to: http://www.linkedin.com

What critics are saying background color: steelblue, text color: white


Box Office Reviews
NEWLY RELEASED 
Pan Flops at Box-Office 
Posted 3 hours ago on Hollywood Reporter 

Share this article: 
Martian
HOLLYWOOD— Joe Wright's big-budget Pan is looking like a major loss for Warner Bros. after opening to $15.5 million from 3,515 theaters in North America, a disastrous start for a film that cost $150 million to make.

Pan was ambitious... maybe too ambitious... and does not stick the landing. 
- Nerdist
Instead, Ridley Scott's The Martian won the weekend race with a better-than-expected $37 million from 3,854 locations after declining a mere 32 percent in its second outing for a domestic total of $108.7 million. The space epic, starring Matt Damon, also continued to dazzle overseas, earning another $58.1 million from 74 markets for an early foreign total of $119 million and global total of $227.7 million.

Among new markets, The Martian earned a massive $12.1 million in South Korea, the largest Fox opening of all time and an industry best for the month of October.In Germany, it opened to $7.1 million, two times larger than Gravity and 27 percent ahead of Interstellar.

What critics are saying...
"Major disappointment for Warner Brothers, which could use a hit." 
- Quad City Times 
"The Martian delivers on both intergalactic spectacle and feet-in-the-soil character drama." 
- Observer

The Martian and Hotel Transylvania 2 both beat Pan overseas. Pan opened to a muted $20.5 million from 52 markets representing 40 percent of the foreign marketplace, putting its early foreign total at $40.6 million (it opened two weekends ago in Australia). Unless it does big business internationally, Warners is facing a steep loss. One hope is China, where Pan rolls out Oct. 22. So far, it is doing best in Latin America, while struggling in Europe.

